= Overview
{product-author}
{product-version}
:data-uri:
:icons:
:experimental:
:prewrap!:

When new versions of OpenShift are released, you can upgrade your existing
cluster to apply the latest enhancements and bug fixes.
ifdef::openshift-origin[]
For OpenShift Origin, see the
https://github.com/openshift/origin/releases[Releases page] on GitHub to review
the latest changes.
endif::[]
ifdef::openshift-enterprise[]
This includes upgrading from previous minor versions, such as release 3.1 to
3.2, and applying asynchronous errata updates within a minor version (3.2.z
releases). See the link:../../release_notes/ose_3_2_release_notes.html[OpenShift
Enterprise 3.2 Release Notes] to review the latest changes.

[NOTE]
====
Due to the link:../../release_notes/v2_vs_v3.html[core architectural changes]
between the major versions, OpenShift Enterprise 2 environments cannot be
upgraded to OpenShift Enterprise 3 and require a fresh installation.
====
endif::[]

Unless noted otherwise, node and masters within a major version are forward and
backward compatible, so upgrading your cluster should go smoothly. However, you
should not run mismatched versions longer than necessary to upgrade the entire
cluster.

ifdef::openshift-enterprise[]
If you installed using the
link:../../install_config/install/quick_install.html[quick] or
link:../../install_config/install/advanced_install.html[advanced installation]
and the *_~/.config/openshift/installer.cfg.yml_* or inventory file that was
used is available,
endif::[]
ifdef::openshift-origin[]
Starting with Origin 1.0.6, if you installed using the
link:../../install_config/install/advanced_install.html[advanced installation] and the
inventory file that was used is available,
endif::[]
you can perform an
link:../../install_config/upgrading/automated_upgrades.html[automated upgrade].
Alternatively, you can
link:../../install_config/upgrading/manual_upgrades.html[upgrade OpenShift
manually].
